src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:3:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:29:	A Classname should have a minimum of five characters
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:33:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'helper' (lines '47'-'57').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:47:	Local variable 'helper' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/App.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:16:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationContext
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:22:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:23:	Local variable 'requestAttributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:25:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:26:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:32:	Local variable 'beanFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/Inject.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/SpringContextHelper.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/SpringContextHelper.java:15:	Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/SpringContextHelper.java:16:	Local variable 'servletContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/IBaseDAO.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/IBaseDAO.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:18:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:20:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:23:	Parameter 'cls2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:28:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:45:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:57:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:107:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:119:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:142:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/BaseDAO.java:142:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:23:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:23:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:24:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:25:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/EventQueueDAO.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAO.java:20:	Parameter 'groupname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAO.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAO.java:21:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAO.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAO.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:25:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:26:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:35:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:36:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:45:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:46:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:55:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:56:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:66:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:66:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:72:	Parameter 'groupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:72:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:73:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupPermissionDAO.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:24:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:24:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:24:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:25:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:26:	The String literal "SELECT p FROM ParameterEntity p " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:29:	The String literal "groupId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 29
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:30:	The String literal "recipe" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:36:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:36:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:37:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:38:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:50:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:50:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:51:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:51:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:52:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:66:	Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:69:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:75:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:75:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:76:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/ParameterDAO.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gp' (lines '47'-'62').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:47:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:54:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like q1
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:55:	Local variable 'q1' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:61:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:69:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:70:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/UserDAO.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:25:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:60:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:66:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '67'-'68').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:73:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:75:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:76:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:79:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:80:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:82:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:84:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/BaseEntity.java:85:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupEntity.java:44:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupEntity.java:53:	Parameter 'users' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupEntity.java:57:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupEntity.java:61:	Parameter 'users' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupEntity.java:69:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:18:	The String literal "name" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:18:	The String literal "username" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:29:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'd'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:32:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'a'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:35:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'r'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:38:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'x'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:47:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:55:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:61:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:67:	Parameter 'd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:75:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:83:	Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:91:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:99:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/group/GroupPermissionEntity.java:107:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/receip/EventQueueEntity.java:46:	Returning 'data' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/receip/EventQueueEntity.java:69:	The user-supplied array 'data' is stored directly.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/receip/ParameterEntity.java:82:	Returning 'lobValue' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/receip/ParameterEntity.java:121:	The user-supplied array 'lobValue' is stored directly.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:66:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'enabled'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:87:	Parameter 'groups' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:91:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:95:	Parameter 'groups' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:110:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:125:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:142:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:157:	Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:168:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:180:	Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:194:	Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:209:	Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:217:	Returning 'rolesLob' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:225:	Parameter 'rolesLob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:225:	The user-supplied array 'rolesLob' is stored directly.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/entity/user/UserEntity.java:242:	Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/ValueType.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/ValueType.java:8:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/ValueType.java:16:	Parameter 'cls' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/ValueType.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/ValueType.java:20:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/ValueType.java:21:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/user/Gender.java:31:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/enums/user/Gender.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:43:	Perhaps 'leftComponent' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:55:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:60:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userEntity' (lines '60'-'66').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:60:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userEntity' (lines '60'-'66').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:60:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:64:	Local variable 'groupMembers' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:65:	Local variable 'userEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '70'-'83').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '70'-'83').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:73:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:77:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:88:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '88'-'97').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:88:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '88'-'97').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:91:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:99:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:99:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditGoupPanel.java:100:	Parameter 'parentWindow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditUserComponent.java:19:	Document empty method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/EditUserComponent.java:19:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:36:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '70'-'87').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '70'-'87').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:73:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:89:	Document empty method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:93:	Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:97:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:97:	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:102:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:109:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '109'-'116').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:109:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '109'-'116').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:111:	Local variable 'userEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:112:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:114:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:115:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:116:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '126'-'141').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '126'-'141').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:129:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/GroupListPanel.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupPermissionDAO
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:41:	Perhaps 'confirmButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:42:	Perhaps 'deleteButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:59:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'groupEntity' (lines '59'-'68').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:59:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'groupEntity' (lines '59'-'68').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:59:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'groupEntity' (lines '59'-'68').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:59:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:63:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:67:	Local variable 'groupEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '74'-'109').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '74'-'109').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '74'-'109').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:77:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:78:	Local variable 'groupname' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:79:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:81:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:82:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:96:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:97:	Local variable 'groupname' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:98:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:100:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:101:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:103:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/InvitedGroupsComponent.java:103:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:27:	Perhaps 'registerButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:28:	Perhaps 'loginButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:30:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'layout' (lines '33'-'58').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:41:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'layoutCss' (lines '41'-'58').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:41:	Local variable 'layoutCss' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '45'-'58').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:48:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:60:	Parameter 'main' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:64:	Parameter 'login' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:68:	Parameter 'register' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:72:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:76:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/LoginComponent.java:81:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/TitlePanel.java:21:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/TitlePanel.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/TitlePanel.java:27:	Perhaps 'logo' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/TitlePanel.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/TitlePanel.java:28:	Perhaps 'titleLabel' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/TitlePanel.java:30:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/components/TitlePanel.java:34:	Parameter 'app' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/session/UserSession.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'logged'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/session/UserSession.java:37:	Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/session/UserSession.java:48:	Parameter 'userPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/session/UserSession.java:59:	Parameter 'logged' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:19:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:29:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'helper'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:33:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:41:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:45:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:50:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:50:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:56:	Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:60:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:60:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/BaseWindow.java:65:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/GroupWindow.java:14:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/GroupWindow.java:14:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/GroupWindow.java:14:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/GroupWindow.java:20:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/GroupWindow.java:23:	Document empty method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:27:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:36:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:38:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:39:	Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:40:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:46:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:55:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:63:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:69:	Local variable 'form' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/LoginWindow.java:71:	Local variable 'loginPanel' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:37:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'userService'.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like invitedGroupsComponent
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:61:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:68:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:68:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:68:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:73:	Document empty method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:87:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '96'-'117').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '96'-'117').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:99:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:109:	Local variable 'layout' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:119:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'w' (lines '119'-'122').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:121:	Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/MainWindow.java:121:	Local variable 'w' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:26:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:42:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:42:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:42:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:49:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:52:	Document empty method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:56:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like fl
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like fl
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userNameObj' (lines '75'-'88').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userNameObj' (lines '75'-'88').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '77'-'99').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '77'-'99').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:80:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:82:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:84:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '86'-'99').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '86'-'99').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:86:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:87:	Local variable 'userNameObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:88:	Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:89:	Local variable 'member' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:101:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '108'-'123').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '108'-'123').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:111:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:115:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '129'-'144').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '129'-'144').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:132:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:133:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:137:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:137:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:137:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '154'-'194').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '154'-'194').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '154'-'194').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '154'-'194').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '154'-'194').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:157:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:165:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:166:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:167:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:168:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:181:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:182:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:189:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:190:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:191:	Use bitwise inversion to invert boolean values
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '205'-'224').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '205'-'224').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '205'-'224').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:208:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:209:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:216:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:217:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:218:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:219:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:226:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'w' (lines '226'-'229').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:226:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:228:	Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/NewGroupWindow.java:228:	Local variable 'w' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:32:	Perhaps 'submit' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:32:	Private field 'submit' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:35:	Perhaps 'firstName' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:35:	Private field 'firstName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:36:	Perhaps 'lastName' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:36:	Private field 'lastName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:37:	Perhaps 'password' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:37:	Private field 'password' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:38:	Perhaps 'address' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:38:	Private field 'address' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:39:	Perhaps 'zipcode' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:39:	Private field 'zipcode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:40:	Perhaps 'city' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:40:	Private field 'city' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:48:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like fl
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fl' (lines '54'-'156').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fl' (lines '54'-'156').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fl' (lines '54'-'156').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '63'-'156').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '63'-'156').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serialVersionUID' (lines '63'-'156').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:66:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:67:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:74:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:75:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:76:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:77:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:78:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:126:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:129:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:130:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:131:	Local variable 'pass' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:132:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:159:	Document empty method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:164:	Document empty method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/gui/windows/RegisterWindow.java:164:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:28:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:32:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:43:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:45:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:47:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:56:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:58:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:60:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/GroupRecipeControler.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/LoginControler.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/LoginControler.java:27:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/LoginControler.java:34:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/LoginControler.java:35:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:35:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'messageService'.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:38:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'queueDAO'.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:40:	Perhaps 'sourceUser' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:45:	Perhaps 'targetUser' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:47:	Perhaps 'message' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:51:	The String literal "application/json" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 51
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:53:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:61:	Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:63:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:65:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:77:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:78:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:78:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:79:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:80:	Local variable 'targetUserName' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:81:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:82:	Local variable 'device' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:83:	Local variable 'recipe' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:86:	The String literal "test1" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:100:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:102:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:111:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:111:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:116:	Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:116:	Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:121:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:121:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:132:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:132:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:142:	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:143:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/SimpleREST.java:143:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/LoginMessage.java:4:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/LoginMessage.java:5:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/LoginMessage.java:11:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/LoginMessage.java:19:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:7:	The class 'Message' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:10:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:11:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '11'-'12').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:19:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:19:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:19:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 768
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:22:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:23:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:24:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:25:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:26:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:28:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:31:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:40:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:41:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:42:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:43:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:43:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:45:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:61:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:67:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:75:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/Message.java:83:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:23:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:35:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:45:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:49:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:52:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:67:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageEvent.java:68:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '68'-'69').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageParam.java:24:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageParam.java:32:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageParam.java:40:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:13:	The class 'MessageUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:24:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:28:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:28:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:28:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:29:	Parameter 'device' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:29:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like un
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:41:	Parameter 'un' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:45:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:49:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:49:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:53:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:57:	Parameter 'device' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:57:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:61:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:65:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:65:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:73:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:85:	The method hashCode() has an NPath complexity of 3125
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:86:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '87'-'88').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:99:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:99:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:99:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 8192
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:100:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:102:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:103:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:104:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:106:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:108:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:110:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:113:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:114:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:115:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:116:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:118:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:119:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:120:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:121:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:123:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:124:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:125:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:126:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:128:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:129:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:130:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/model/MessageUser.java:131:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/IMessageService.java:8:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/IMessageService.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:19:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:21:	Field message has the same name as a method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:22:	Field user has the same name as a method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:23:	Field group has the same name as a method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:25:	Field device has the same name as a method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:28:	Field recipe has the same name as a method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:29:	Private field 'parameterBo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:31:	Parameter 'parameterBo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:47:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:54:	Parameter 'body' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:60:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:66:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:72:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:78:	Parameter 'tag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:78:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:85:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like mu
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:91:	Local variable 'mu' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:102:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:111:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'param' (lines '111'-'122').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:116:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:118:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:118:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:120:	Local variable 'param' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:121:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:121:	Avoid variables with short names like mp
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:121:	Local variable 'mp' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:131:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'tag'.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:131:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'target'.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:131:	Parameter 'tag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:131:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:137:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'g'.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:137:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:137:	Avoid variables with short names like u
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:137:	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:137:	Parameter 'u' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageBuilder.java:149:	Parameter 'device' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:25:	Field message has the same name as a method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:33:	Private field 'userDAO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:34:	Private field 'groupDAO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:35:	Private field 'parameterService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:38:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:40:	Parameter 'groupDAO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:40:	Parameter 'userDAO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:41:	Parameter 'parameterService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:49:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like mu
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:58:	Local variable 'mu' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:68:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:74:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:74:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:75:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:82:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '82'-'86').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:83:	Local variable 'param' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:84:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:85:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like mp
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:86:	Local variable 'mp' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:87:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:88:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:88:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:94:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:94:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:95:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:96:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:96:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageParser.java:107:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:34:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:63:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:75:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:76:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:83:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:86:	Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:87:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:88:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:88:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'target' (lines '88'-'113').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:88:	Local variable 'target' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:89:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:90:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recipe' (lines '90'-'113').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:90:	Local variable 'recipe' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:91:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tag' (lines '91'-'113').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:91:	Local variable 'tag' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:102:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:106:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:116:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '116'-'121').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:116:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:116:	Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:117:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:119:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:120:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:120:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:121:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:122:	Avoid variables with short names like pe
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:122:	Local variable 'pe' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:143:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:143:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataObject' (lines '143'-'160').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:143:	Local variable 'dataObject' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:145:	Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:147:	Local variable 'sourceUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:148:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetUser' (lines '148'-'160').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:148:	Local variable 'targetUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:149:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recipe' (lines '149'-'160').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:149:	Local variable 'recipe' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:150:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:162:	Parameter 'sourceUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:169:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userEntity' (lines '169'-'174').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:169:	Parameter 'dataObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:169:	Parameter 'sourceUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:170:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:170:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:170:	Parameter 'targetUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:172:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:173:	Local variable 'userEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:185:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:188:	Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:190:	Local variable 'sourceUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:191:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:191:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recipe' (lines '191'-'200').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:191:	Local variable 'recipe' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:192:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:202:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:202:	Parameter 'targetUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:203:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:204:	Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:206:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:208:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageService.java:209:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'data'
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IGroupService.java:10:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IGroupService.java:45:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IGroupService.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IGroupService.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IGroupService.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IGroupService.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:14:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:36:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:38:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:47:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:60:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/IUserService.java:68:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:21:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:21:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:22:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:26:	Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:27:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:34:	Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:39:	Parameter 'dataObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:40:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:40:	Parameter 'sourceUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:40:	Parameter 'targetUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:41:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:42:	Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:53:	Parameter 'dataObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:53:	Parameter 'sourceUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:54:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:54:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:54:	Parameter 'userEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/EventQueueService.java:55:	Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=54, ATFD=49, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:23:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:24:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupPermissionDAO
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:40:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:53:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:53:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:72:	This usage of the Collection.toArray() method will throw a ClassCastException.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:104:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupPermissionEntity
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:140:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gp' (lines '140'-'146').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:141:	Local variable 'gpl' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:142:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:144:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:145:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:146:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:154:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gp' (lines '154'-'160').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:155:	Local variable 'gpl' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:156:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:157:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:158:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:159:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:159:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:160:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:182:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:184:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:186:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:200:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:202:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:231:	This usage of the Collection.toArray() method will throw a ClassCastException.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:235:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '235'-'241').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groupPermission' (lines '238'-'243').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:240:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:271:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:271:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:271:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:271:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:272:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:285:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:291:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gp' (lines '291'-'297').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:291:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:292:	Local variable 'gpl' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:294:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:295:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:296:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/GroupService.java:296:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:20:	Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '21'-'24').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '21'-'26').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '21'-'28').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '21'-'30').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '21'-'32').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:22:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:23:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:23:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:25:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:25:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:27:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:27:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:29:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:29:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:38:	Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:38:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:39:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:40:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:40:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:42:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:42:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:44:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:44:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:46:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:46:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:54:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:54:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:55:	Parameter 'recipe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '56'-'58').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/ParameterService.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '56'-'60').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:53:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '53'-'66').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:53:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '53'-'60').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:55:	Local variable 'ann' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:57:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:58:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:59:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:61:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:65:	Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:95:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:104:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/service/impl/UserService.java:106:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:7:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:9:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:9:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ALGO' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:19:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:19:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'md5' (lines '19'-'25').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:19:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'md5' (lines '19'-'30').
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:23:	Local variable 'digest' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:27:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:32:	Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:33:	Local variable 'mDigest' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:34:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:35:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:37:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:37:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:43:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:43:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:47:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:47:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:57:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/utils/StringUtils.java:57:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:36:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'log' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:51:	Avoid using short method names
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:51:	Document empty method
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:51:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:55:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:55:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:56:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/AGodCreationTest.java:58:	Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/BaseTest.java:15:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/BaseTest.java:18:	Document empty method
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/BaseTest.java:18:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAOTest.java:18:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'dao'.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAOTest.java:21:	Document empty method
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/data/dao/impl/GroupDAOTest.java:21:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:41:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:42:	Perhaps 'message' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:50:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'groupService'.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:63:	Perhaps 'groupEntity' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupPermissionDAO
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:71:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:73:	Local variable 'id1' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:74:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:75:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:80:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:81:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:83:	Local variable 'id1' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:84:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:85:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:86:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:99:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:100:	Do not add empty strings
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:100:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:101:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:102:	Local variable 'targetUserName' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:103:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:104:	Local variable 'device' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:105:	Local variable 'recipe' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:108:	The String literal "test1" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 108
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:122:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:124:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:133:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:134:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:136:	Avoid variables with short names like u2
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:136:	Local variable 'u2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:137:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:140:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:141:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:143:	Avoid variables with short names like u3
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:143:	Local variable 'u3' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:144:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:150:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:165:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/EventQueueServiceTest.java:165:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:33:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:35:	Perhaps 'user2' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupPermissionDAO
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:50:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:51:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:51:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:53:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:54:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:55:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.List' due to existing import 'java.util.List'
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:57:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:61:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:62:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:63:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:64:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:65:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:71:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:72:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:74:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:75:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:76:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.List' due to existing import 'java.util.List'
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:77:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:81:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:82:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:83:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:84:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:85:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like g2
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:87:	Local variable 'g2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:89:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:90:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like l2
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:91:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.List' due to existing import 'java.util.List'
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:92:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:96:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:97:	Local variable 'gp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:98:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:99:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:100:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:102:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:103:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:104:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:109:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:111:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:111:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:113:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:114:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:115:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:115:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.List' due to existing import 'java.util.List'
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:117:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:121:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:122:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:122:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:123:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:124:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:125:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:128:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:138:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:139:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:141:	Avoid variables with short names like u2
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:141:	Local variable 'u2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:142:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:165:	Local variable 'perm' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:166:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:167:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:168:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:173:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:183:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:184:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:186:	Avoid variables with short names like u2
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:186:	Local variable 'u2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/GroupServiceTest.java:187:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:45:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupPermissionDAO
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:59:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:66:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:71:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:75:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:78:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:79:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:84:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:94:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:96:	Local variable 'param' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:104:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:109:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:111:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:112:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:113:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:114:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:115:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:116:	Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:116:	Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:117:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:118:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:123:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:129:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:131:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:132:	Do not add empty strings
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:132:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:134:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:135:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:136:	Local variable 'device' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:137:	Local variable 'recipe' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:138:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:143:	The String literal "test1" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 143
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:150:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:151:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:153:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:155:	Local variable 'targetUser' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:163:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:164:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:166:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:173:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:174:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:177:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:177:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:185:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:186:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:188:	Local variable 'gp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:196:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:197:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:199:	Local variable 'broadcast' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:200:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:205:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:207:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:208:	Local variable 'event1' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:210:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:211:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:212:	Local variable 'event2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:214:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:215:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:225:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:226:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:227:	Do not add empty strings
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:227:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:229:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:230:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:231:	Local variable 'device' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:232:	Local variable 'recipe' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:233:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:247:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:248:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:250:	Avoid variables with short names like u2
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:250:	Local variable 'u2' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:251:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:258:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:259:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:262:	Avoid variables with short names like gp
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:262:	Local variable 'gp' could be declared final
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:270:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/pl/poznan/put/cs/ify/webify/rest/service/impl/MessageServiceTest.java:271:	JUnit assertions should include a message
